probing your ship strategies. You're going to counter all types out there.
So everything you've been talking to this point you're going to
use at some point in time you lost a guy getting you can use one thing
that that you gotta remember at the end of the day, you are still
in charge. It's a lawful order carried out. And when it comes down
to that Okay, if that made you finally have to you're exasperated internally,
you know, and you're done. And now you've just been saved
because that is illegal. I've given you a legal order. Carry out the
order not to carry out the order. Then there's going to be consequences
is going to be a mask. Is gonna be executive also investigation,
ex ally and baby mess. You don't want to go there. You know early.
You don't want to have a rush to judgment. You want to try to have
resolve the situation with every music still use. And you would have
used that during your time with routine, especially as officer. But
you'd only to enjoy it. Every day is going to be different. And every
day there will be a new challenge every day. Get away. Go figure
out how you're going to execute the mission